Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX)  shares soared more than 5% pre-market today after the company reported that it had gained 7.66 million new paid subscribers globally in Q4, surpassing its expectation of 4.5 million new subscribers. The growth was attributed to the success of the company's content in Q4 and the retention of existing subscribers.   EPS was $0.12, worse than the Street estimate of $0.59, while revenue came in at $7.85 billion (up 2% year-over-year), compared to the Street estimate of $7.84 billion.  The company anticipates that in the first quarter of 2023, revenue will be $8.172 billion (an increase of 4% from the previous year) and earnings per share will be $2.82, compared to the expected $2.97.   The company also expects a modest increase in new subscribers during the first quarter of 2023 and plans to expand its paid sharing options later in the quarter, which is expected to result in a different pattern of new subscriber growth in the coming year.   Additionally, the company announced that CEO Reed Hastings will transition to the role of executive chairman and Greg Peters will become co-CEO and a member of the Netflix board. . irst Horizon National (NYSE:FHN)  reported its Q4 results, with revenue coming in at $882 million, better than the Street estimate of $872.73 million. EPS was $0.51, worse than the Street estimate of $0.52.   Overall core results continue to be solid with strength in spread revenues as the key driver. Both loan growth and margin expansion were decent in this environment and drove net interest income expansion. Deposit balances declined sequentially while deposit costs rose as expected. Despite the deposit cost pressures, the performance of the asset-sensitive balance sheet was strong again this quarter.   Meanwhile, fee revenues declined and were driven by lower fixed-income and mortgage revenues, while brokerage and trust, and service charges were slightly lower.  The company reiterated that they expect TD's acquisition deal to close in the first half of TD’s fiscal 2023. The merger was previously approved by FHN shareholders, with regulatory approval still pending. . he Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW)  dropped more than 8% since the company’s reported worse-than-expected Q4 results on Wednesday and a double downgrade from BofA Securities today. EPS came in at $1.07, compared to the Street estimate of $1.09. Revenue was $5.5 billion, missing the Street estimate of $5.56 billion.  Net interest revenue grew 33% year-over-year to $10.7 billion, as higher interest rates outweigh the negative effects of balance sheet contraction caused by client cash sorting.  Analysts at Deutsche Bank view the quarterly results as being mixed, with better-than-expected NII, cost control, and capital return, offset by weaker fees in the Ameritrade Bank Deposit Account (BDA), as well as fee rate pressure in asset management & admin services.   While the analysts now expect lower revenue yield in the BDA to reduce the company's 2023 EPS growth rate to 23-24% from 27% previously, they continue to expect EPS growth to exceed 20% in 2023 and 2024, after EPS growth of 20% in 2022 & 37% in 2021. . rologis (NYSE:PLD)  reported its Q4 results, with EPS coming in at $0.63, compared to the Street estimate of $0.61. Revenue was $1.75 billion, beating the Street estimate of $1.42 billion.  According to the analysts at Deutsche Bank, the company delivered a high-quality beat as strong occupancy, rent growth and balance sheet position the company to deliver outsized relative trading performance in 2023.   Industrial REITs are set to re-establish their favored investor status as analysts expect the company’s strong fundamentals to outshine concerns over the likely Global economic slowdown. Although Industrial REITs are not immune to slowing or negative GDP growth, the analysts contend that the strong demand for the company’s last mile (and low vacancy) assets are highly coveted by their tenant base, thus any vacancy is likely to be relet briskly.  . NC Financial Services (NYSE:PNC)  shares fell more than 8% since the company’s reported Q4 results on Wednesday, with EPS of $3.49 coming in worse than the Street estimate of $3.95. Revenue was $5.76 billion, better than the Street estimate of $5.7 billion.  The analysts at Oppenheimer believe that the EPS shortfall was primarily due to cosmetic and one-time factors. On the cosmetic side, there were $184 million of net CECL reserve builds which penalized EPS by $0.37. The real impact was probably even more than there was a charge-off on a specifically reserved for loan and so the CECL build was probably higher.   On the “one-timish” side, the analysts mentioned that the core expenses were $176 million higher than modeled. Management didn't precisely specify but suggested a number of minor factors like writing of anything related to crypto and seasonally higher medical expenses.